build: bump version to 0.0.97 (#132)
holochain/holochain-wasmer: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.0.96]

### Changed
- Bumped wasmer version to 5.x
- **BREAKING CHANGE** The `wasmer_sys` feature has been renamed to `wasmer_sys_dev`

### Added
- A new feature flag, `wasmer_sys_prod` which enables the Wasmer LLVM compiler. The default, with the `wasmer_sys_dev` feature
  is the Cranelift compiler. The Cranelift compiler is fast, and recommended for development, but the LLVM compiler is supposed
  to be faster and more optimized for production. In testing so far, the compile step is slower with LLVM but the runtime is
  faster. More testing is needed yet to confirm the difference.

> - A new public function `build_module`, which builds a wasmer Module directly, bypassing the `ModuleCache`. It is only implemented for the feature flag `wasmer_wamr`. On the feature flags `wasmer_sys_dev` and `wasmer_sys_prod` it will panic as unimplemented. This enforces the use of the `ModuleCache` when wasmer is used in a compiled mode, but allow bypassing the cache when wasmer is used in interpreter mode as caching is not relevant.

Author: ```suggestion
- A new public function `build_module`, which builds a wasmer Module directly, bypassing the `ModuleCache`. It is only implemented for the feature flag `wasmer_wamr`. On the feature flags `wasmer_sys_dev` and `wasmer_sys_prod` it will panic as unimplemented. This enforces the use of the `ModuleCache` when wasmer is used in a compiled mode, and allows bypassing the cache when wasmer is used in interpreter mode as caching is not relevant.
```

> - A new public function `build_module`, which builds a wasmer Module directly, bypassing the `ModuleCache`. It is only implemented for the feature flag `wasmer_wamr`. On the feature flags `wasmer_sys_dev` and `wasmer_sys_prod` it will panic as unimplemented. This enforces the use of the `ModuleCache` when wasmer is used in a compiled mode, and allows bypassing the cache when wasmer is used in interpreter mode as caching is not relevant.

Reviewer: Caching is not relevant because modules are always built JIT? No caching possible?

Reviewer: I know this is just the changelog ;-)

Author: Not relevant because in `wasmer_wamr`, the wasms are never compiled, they are interpreted. So constructing a wasmer `Module` is not an expensive process that produces a result we can cache to avoid duplicating that expense.

> ## [0.0.95] - 2024-08-28

Author: added changelog that were missing from the prior 2 versions
